Fix datapoints insert not reporting failed correctly on `CogniteNotFoundError` (#1728)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.37.2] - 2024-04-18
### Fixed

> - Datapoints inserted into non-existent time series, no longer hides (bug introduced in 7.35.0) them from the `failed`
>   attribute on the raised `CogniteNotFoundError` that is raised.

Author: ```suggestion
- Datapoints inserted into non-existent time series, no longer get their identifier hidden in the `failed` attribute
  on the raised `CogniteNotFoundError`. Any `successful` now also gets reported correctly.
```
